Bilibili Security Group
Building 3, Guozheng Center, No. 485, Zhengli Road,
Yangpu District, Shanghai, China
200000

April 23, 2019

GitHub
88 Colin P Kelly Jr St
San Francisco, CA, United States
94107

Dear GitHub:

We are the crew from the Bilibili Security Group. We are writing to gain your support and resolution since you are such a professional and efficient platform. 

Someone created a Repository called 'openbilibili/go-common' two hours ago and many people forked it or clone it and re-upload the repository, which contained too much sensitive information, such as secret key, database address, significant API key and so on. If the information is found by other people in Github, our company will be left out of pocket. We sent the mail yesterday and the mail attachments are our signatures and we have already read and understood "GitHub's Guide to Fill a DMCA Notice". 

The following is Github's URL and Screenshots about this Repository:

[private]

Since the reupload repositories and the contains our company's important source code, algorithm, and system configuration, so we hope you to help us completely remove the reupload repositories as soon as possible.
   
The following is our contact information:
    
-   Company Name : Bilibili  
-   My E-mail Address: [private]  
-   Cellphone: [private]    
-   Company Address: [private]   
-   Website: https://www.bilibili.com/

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration. I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed. Hoping for your response and thanks a lot. Please help us.

Yours Sincerely, 


(signature)


Bilibili Security Group
